Hacked By KingSkrupellos CyBeRiZM.Org Digital Security Technological Turkish Moslem Army
Hacked By KingSkrupellos CyBeRiZM.Org Digital Security Technological Turkish Moslem Army
Hacked By KingSkrupellos CyBeRiZM.Org Digital Security Technological Turkish Moslem Army

No System is Safe. Do not Panic. No Damage given to your Website. Check your critical vulnerabilities and patch it your website bug.

Eþhedu En La Ýlâhe Ýllâllah Ve Eþhedu Enne Muhammeden Abduhu Ve Resuluhu.

There is no God but ALLAH is unique and Hz. Mohammed ( s.a.v )  is the Messenger of ALLAH !

Hacking is not a crime and not sin, it is just to show your website vulnerability and spread our ideological messages !

ALLAH. It all starts with ALLAH the universe, humanity, and our own conception. 
And it all comes back to ALLAH in the end. Strengthen your relationship with ALLAH in the easy times, and you will find ALLAH beside you in the hard times.

TURKEY [ the country ] is the real power over the World. Every Government must know this. TURKEY is insuperable Country.

Turkish National Hymne in English

Fear not! For the crimson flag that proudly ripples in this glorious twilight, shall never fade,
Before the last fiery hearth that is ablaze within my nation is extinguished.
For that is the star of my nation, and it will forever shine;
It is mine; and solely belongs to my valiant nation.

Frown not, I beseech you, oh thou coy crescent,
Smile upon my heroic race!1 Why the anger, why the rage?
Our blood which we shed for you might not be worthy otherwise;
For freedom is the absolute right of my God-worshipping nation.

Ýstiklal Marþý ( Turkish National Hymne in Turkish )

Korkma, sönmez bu þafaklarda yüzen al sancak;
Sönmeden yurdumun üstünde tüten en son ocak.
O benim milletimin yýldýzýdýr, parlayacak;
O benimdir, o benim milletimindir ancak.

Çatma, kurban olayým, çehrene ey nazlý hilal!
Kahraman ýrkýma bir gül... Ne bu þiddet, bu celal?
Sana olmaz dökülen kanlarýmýz sonra helal;
Hakkýdýr, Hakk'a tapan, milletimin istiklal.

Do not Panic. No System is Safe. No Damage given to your Website. Please patch your System. Hacking is not a crime and sin, it is just to show your website vulnerability and spread our ideological messages !

[+] Cyberizm Digital Security Army KingSkrupellos [+]

Indeed, ALLAH will admit those who have believed and done righteous deeds to gardens beneath which rivers flow, 
but those who disbelieve enjoy themselves and eat as grazing livestock eat, 
and the Fire will be a residence for them. ( The Holy Quran / Surah Mohammad 12 ) 

Indeed, those who disbelieve and commit wrong [or injustice] - never will Allah forgive them, nor will He guide them to a path. Nisa Surah Verse No 4/168 [ The Holy Quran ]

Indeed, those who disbelieve in Our verses - We will drive them into a Fire. Every time their skins are roasted through We will replace them with other skins so they may taste the punishment. Indeed, Allah is ever Exalted in Might and Wise. Nisa Surah Verse No 56 [ The Holy Quran ]

No doubt, who believed and did good deeds, Allah will guide them on account of their faith; beneath themrivers will be flowing in the gardens of delight. Yunus Surah Verse No 9 [ The Holy Quran ]

But they who believe and do righteous deeds - those are the companions of Paradise; they will abide therein eternally. Bakarah Surah Verse 82 [ The Holy Quran ]

You have to obey Turkish Nation and believe to Islam Religion !

Greetz => H4CK4L ~ AYAR ~ KingSkrupellos ~ The_ZiziL and all Moslem Hackers

[!] Muslim Turkish Underground White Black Hat Hackers and Hacktivists [!] 

System Hacked Defaced Own3d Fuck3D By KingSkrupellos CyBeRiZM.Org Digital Security Technological Turkish Moslem Army